[Announcer] Attention
Platform 1.
A train is passing through.
Please stand behind
the yellow line.
Ah! It's Yamato-kun!
Wow, he's really in a magazine.
[Girl 1] He made his
debut as a model.
[Girl 2] It's kind
of lonely, isn't it?
[Girl 1] Yamato-kun!
[Girl 2] We saw
you in "Dessert."
Oh, thanks.
Let us know when you're going to
be in the magazine again, okay?
[Yamato] Well, it was
just this one time.
[Girl 1 & 2] What?!
That's gonna be such a waste
if you're not doing it anymore.
[Yamato laughs] Thanks.
Uh, good morning, Mei.
Uh, good morning.
[Mei] They seemed
like a real couple.
They were so attractive.
So radiant.
She's probably the one who
belongs at Yamato's side...
[Asami] Look, look!
[Nakanishi] That's amazing!
You're really in here!
[Asami] Megu-tan looks
so good in gingham.
[Nakanishi] Yamato, you were
like a different person then.
[Yamato] Enough already.
It's embarrassing...
What? But you were so
handsome, right, Mei-chan?
[Mei] Huh?
[Asami] Right?
Yeah. You really were handsome.
Really? You really
thought I was handsome?
Wow... You're persistent.
[Aiko] Amazing.
[Mei] Aiko-san.
Yamato's finally made
his appearance in a
national publication.
That's going to give
you a lot to deal with.
Hey, Megu.
Mei, are you working
after school today?
[Mei] No.
Then, let's go home together.
I'll meet you after class.
Sure.
[Aiko] Yamato.
[Yamato] Huh? What?
You're in that much of
a rush to get out of here
and see Tachibana.
Thanks for the notes.
[Yamato] Any problems?
It was all good.
[Megumi] Yamato-kun.
[Yamato & Aiko] Hm?
Uh, got a minute?
[Yamato & Aiko] They want what?!
[Megumi] Since the magazine
went on sale, they've been
receiving tons of inquiries
about Yamato-kun!
The editor wants you back
for more photoshoots.
Yamato, that's awesome!
You're gonna be a model, dude!
No, I'm not.
[Megumi] Please. The
pay is really awesome,
and you can quit any
time you want, I promise.
What do you think
I should do, Mei?
Uh... Uh, I think...
it'd be really good for you.
An opportunity like this isn't
going to come around that often.
It's amazing that they're
asking you to do the
work in the first place.
[Nakanishi] I know, right?
[Asami] Do it. Do it!
I'm sure you'll be a big
success, Yamato-kun!
I suppose a couple more
shoots wouldn't hurt.
[Asami] Yeah! Go Yamato!
[Nakanishi] Yeah!
[Nakanishi] Say, do you think
we could get some work, too?
Something lovey-dovey?
[Asami] I'd love that!
[Asami] All the
pictures are so cute.
Especially the ones where
you're squeezing Yamato.
[Megumi] What?! Uh, that's
kind of embarrassing.
[Yamato] Are the photo shoots
always after school?
[Megumi] No. Sometimes they're
in the morning or on Saturday.
Man. A model's life is hard.
I know! Let's get
some hang time in!
[Yamato] That's kind of sudden.
[Nakanishi] Well, you're going
to be busy all the time.
We're not going to be able to
hang out as much as we use to.
[Yamato] Yeah, whatever man.
[Nakanishi] I want to hang
out with Megu-tan, okay?
[Asami] Takeshi!
You guys up for karaoke?
[Nakanishi] Yeah, let's go!
Wait. Mei-chan doesn't
like karaoke.
Oh, right. Then...
Uh, I'm headed home
anyway, but thank you.
[Asami] What?
[Yamato] You said you didn't
have work today, Mei.
I can't. I'm sorry.
[Asami] We had so
much fun yesterday.
Megu-tan's got a really
great singing voice.
Really?
You got it now?
Yamato-kun?
[Yamato] Uh, during the photo
shoot... Wh-what was it?
Don't go straining your brain
trying to invent something
for yourself to do.
Just relax and have fun with it.
[Yamato] That's the
hard part for me.
[Girl 1] Oh, Megu-tan!
Please shake my hand!
What? You want a handshake
from someone like me?
Yeah, of course we do!
I-I'm so honored!
[Girl 1] Keep up the good work!
[Girl 2] We're rooting for you!
[Megumi giggles] Thanks.
[Yamato] You handled that
really well, Kitagawa.
Sure. I never thought people
would like me just for my
magazine modeling.
I'm really grateful for it.
You're really nice,
you know that?
You think so, huh?
Okay, tell me the five
rules for a photo shoot.
You just learned them.
Huh? Uh... W-well... Uh...
The first one is,
uh... What was it?
[Yamato] Mei, let's
eat lunch together.
[Mei] Sure.
Okay, let me just
call Asami-san.
[Yamato] Just us.
[Girl 1] Yamato, you're going to
keep working as a model, right?
[Girl 2] I look forward to it.
Thanks.
Should we go outside?
[Mei] Are you sure about this?
Oh yeah. We haven't had time
to ourselves in a while.
Hey, looks the same
as always, Mei.
There's some fruit
in there today.
[Yamato] What is that?
Huh? I-it's nothing...
[Yamato chuckles] Show me.
[Yamato] Uh, sorry.
Cookies? Did you
make these for me?
Nagi-san is teaching me to cook.
But it's still a
work in progress.
They have no taste, and they
may potentially kill you.
[Yamato] Cookie time!
[Mei] Don't!
[Yamato] You're not dying.
Make them again some time.
You really might die next time.
[Yamato] I'll risk it.
If I feel like it.
The chime's ringing.
Let's go back.
Okay.
[Asami] Oh, wow!
[Nakanishi] Asamicchi,
try making this pose.
[Asami] Like this?
[Nakanishi] You're my angel.
Good luck at your shoot!
Good luck you guys!
See you later!
Let's go, Yamato-kun.
Mei! I'll text you!
[Nakanishi] Keep it together!
[Asami] Smile pretty!
I'm sorry. You haven't gone
home together recently.
Hm?
With Mei-chan.
You don't need to apologize
for that, Kitagawa.
Really?
Yeah.
May they come out close
to edible this time.
[Assistant] Good work, everyone!
The chief editor
complimented you.
[Yamato] It's all thanks to you.
Hmm? Is it a boy?
MOM! Get out!
[Megumi] Yamato, are you
going straight home?
[Yamato] Well, I am hungry.
[Megumi] Do you like curry?
[Yamato] Huh?
Yesterday, I accidentally
made too much.
Ten servings, even though
I live by myself.
And since I won't eat it all,
would you join me for dinner?
Uh...
I'm really glad you
said yes, Yamato-kun.
I've been eating nothing
but curry since yesterday.
This is it.
Have a seat.
[Yamato] Okay.
[Megumi] I bet you
think it's messy.
[Yamato] No...
I'm kind of surprised, actually.
[Megumi] Right? As in messy.
It's a little run down,
but there are nice things
about living here.
The view at dusk...
I usually come home after dark,
so I don't get to
see it very often.
[Yamato] Thanks for the food.
Oh, wow!
Glad you like it.
I even have curry
potato salad, here.
You made all these dishes?
You can even make croquettes
with leftover curry potato
salad, it's not hard.
Wow.
Thanks for the food.
Is there's something missing
from your plate, Kitagawa?
[Megumi] My grandmother
has her own little farm.
Eating cabbage saves
me money on rice.
And besides, a big ol'
serving of cabbage has
fewer calories than rice.
And curry cabbage
is pretty good.
A girl like you needs
to watch her weight?
[Megumi] Well, it's my job
to have people look at me.
Sure, I'm an amateur
model right now,
but one day I'm going to be
on the runway with real models.
Leaving home and living
on my own while attending
high school is really scary.
But I thought it would
be better to be on my
own sooner than later.
Um, you want seconds?
Yeah, sure.
Okay.
Instead of eating out,
I've been saving my money.
I figured making my own meals
would help me cook for anyone.
And help me develop a little
self-discipline in the process.
[Yamato] That's amazing.
[Megumi] Nothing
amazing about it.
My mom worked nights,
so I've been fending
for myself and learning new
life skills since I was little.
It's been a long time since
I made a meal and had someone
else to share it with.
Thank you, Yamato-kun.
Huh? No, really.
I should be thanking you
for having me over, Kitagawa.
Uh, um... Maybe from
now on, after work...
We could kind of make
this a regular thing?
If you want.
If you don't mind.
[Yamato] Sorry.
Okay.
Yamato's been spending
all his time with Megu-tan.
They're both modeling for
the same agency, Asami-san.
They got them in the
same photoshoot again?
[Nakanishi] I'm bored.
[Asami] Why's that?
Yamato's been acting really
aloof lately, yanno?
I guess even models get
really busy, don't they?
Mei-chan?
Okay.
I wonder what's wrong with her?
Ladies room?
Huh?
[Girl 1] Yamato-kun did?
Isn't he supposed to be
going out with Tachibana?
I heard one of the girls
saw him coming out of
Megu-tan's apartment.
[Girl 1] What?!
[Girl 2] Actually, that
makes more sense when
you think about it.
[Girl 1] I guess.
Crap.
[Mei's heart beat
gradually quickens]
[Asami] There you are!
Mei-chan!
Aiko-chan gave me coupons
for this new dessert buffet
in Shibuya that has
all-you-can-eat cake!
She said they have
over 30 varieties!
They even have pizza. So on the
way home, I thought we could...
Uh... Mei-chan?
Hey, Mei-chan,
what's the matter?
[Aiko] Wow. Even the ice
queen cries once in a while.
[Asami] Aiko-chan!
[Mei] It's nothing.
[Asami] If it were nothing,
you wouldn't be crying.
What's going on?
[Mei] It's nothing...
Mei-chan...
[Mei] It's nothing.
Really.
[Asami] Mei-chan...
You can tell me.
Stop telling her it's nothing.
We both know why you're
in this hallway.
So don't try telling
us it's nothing. Idiot!
Can't you see she's
worried about you?!
Stop it, Aiko-chan!
[Aiko] If you're
going to be like that,
don't bother anyone else!
[Asami] I said stop it!
Oh god, I'm sorry, Aiko-chan.
Mei-chan, I'm sorry, I...
I knew... I knew then...
And at the studio.
I was so busy acting dumb
and starstruck and...
And now, you're
crying by yourself.
It must have been hard
watching them act like
boyfriend and girlfriend.
I want to help you,
Mei-chan. You can tell
me anything you want.
Just like you helped me,
I want to help you.
[Mei] I was frustrated. I
cried, and it was embarrassing,
but I ended up telling them.
Every single one of
my stupid feelings.
Everything.
I didn't know he'd gone to
Megumi-san's apartment until
I overheard two girls in the
hallway talking about it.
I don't get it, guys. Doesn't
Kurosawa understand how bad
something like this
would make him look?
I want to trust him completely,
but he's just not
letting me do it.
[Asami sighs] That's an emotion
unique to girls, I guess.
[Mei] You've felt it, too?
[Asami] Oh yeah.
[Asami] Even when Takeshi
just talks to other girls...
I just get crazy
thinking about it.
It's like I get sucked into a
whirlpool of negative energy.
[Aiko] In my case, I wasn't
just imagining things.
I'm the crowned princess
of being cheated on.
[Asami] Aiko-chan...
There's nothing wrong with
keeping a watchful eye on
your boyfriend and
some other girl.
It's like a wall you
need to climb over to
get to the next level.
Even if you're running
up against that wall,
it still means you two
are moving forward.
I can't tell you how many times
I've walked away from that wall
instead of climbing over it.
If you don't take the initiative
with him you're gonna get stuck.
Is any of this sinking in?
You like Yamato, don't you?
It isn't positive or negative.
It's neither good nor evil.
It just is what it is.
Just show him how you feel.
[Mei] I...
I...
I really...
Mei.
[Mei] I Really...
Do you still remember me...
Yamato?
I can't believe it! Before I
knew it, I was kissing him!
[Marshmellow] It's still only
lukewarm. If you don't tell him
your feelings, he'll
never know, meow.
Wh-what am I supposed to do now?
[Marshmellow] Listen
to your cat, meow!